
bugs:
  . update readme with correct deps in requirements.txt
    . mention gstreamer as dependency in readme + links for installation
    . mention yt-dlp in readme as installation is a bit different
  . if image gets too small, ueberzug freaks out
    . disable image when too small and dont update the size till it gets a bit bigger
  . why is there more delay for custom key commands?
  . since content_provider.current_index is updated every frame, yeet them from the get_at arguments and stuff
    . check if its necessary somewhere first
  . filtering changes order (important in queues)
  . is current_queue_view variable even required anymore?
  . 2 width chars still cause alignment probs
  . yeet unnecessary uses of funcs for 2 width chars
    . try fixing the 2 width char bug directly from py_cui
      . fork it
      . check if fit_text is used everywhere, and try just fixing fit_text if yes
  \. git diff is always different for musitracker.json
    \. 1 edit at the top of the songs list and git considers all songs in the list edited as some lines are still the same

plan:
  . auto update/search new albums for artists after some interval in background thread
    . maybe search new albums of 1 artist every boot and do more artists every 10~~ minutes
    . have another artist provider for this to store newly found stuff?
    . show popup on new finds?
    . dont try for artists that havent been manually searched before?
    . or maybe add a switch per artist to turn this on
  . a way to check what artists dont have their albums checked in a while
  . replace ascii-magic with the rust project (if it works with curses)
  . maybe replace popup menus with menu in the browser widget
    . album art dosent have to disappear
    . other shortcuts still work
    . just another implimentation of song_provider needed so not too difficult
    . sorting and adding new dosent require to be in the list (kb shortcuts)
    . no need to display the numbers
  . get albums of artists from the song
    . get artist from song, get albums from artist searching online
    . ask for custom search_term, leave blank for no custom search_term
  . profile code and find whats taking the most time to init
  . some kinda versioning to update the contents of db to update to newer versions of db
    . tracker.version: "x.x.x"
    . [int(v) for v in tracker.version.split(".")]
  . FIX CRASHES CUZ OF ONLINE TIMEOUTS and stuff
  . make it work offline (no crashes)
  . maybe have general buttons for refresh, and stuff
  . show some loading thing when doing online stuff/doing stuff with songs (when the screen freezes otherwise)
  . multithreaing for time consuming stuff (async??)
    . including the live player info change on browser selection change 
    . show selected song/album/whatever info on the player widget and add shortcut to switch and show playing song
  . maintain a song history
    . queue history?
    . save song progress and show when searching online (for discoverability)
      . a dict with just key and a number
      . songproviders and then use these when passing names
        . when online stuff, some attr in song_provider would be set true
        . only show the numbers when online?
        . but new songs are found in playlists, so maybe an option to trigger it?
      . mark the progress for songs that are offline too
      . if the song changes or next() is executed (for last song in a queue), enter the new progress in dict
        . so maybe maintain a "last_song_key" or something
  . have a options menu for stuff like
    . toggling album art if not available
    . toggling song progress (from history) indicator
    . toggling to show currently selected content info or playing song info
  \. do something useful with the bottom statusbar
    \. show scroll progress (2/234) so its easy to tell how many more songs left after cuurently selected one
    \. cant do cuz py_cui dosent allow
  . are cached musidata and albumdata really needed?
    . it can be a bit quick maybe?
  . maybe show a smol q besides song names so that a quickshortcut for add_to_current_queue can be added
  . add logging
  \. yeet artist name confirmation var and add a menu func for it
  \. artist.search_term for artists that dont give good enough results for just their names for albums
    \. multiple artist search terms + smol limit
  . add a popup for showing available shortcuts
  . make an init func that checks and setus up the temp dirs and stuff on startup


dev_plan: 
  . allow import of cookies and tokens using cli
  . add hooks/functions for external programs to use this as a microservice/package.
  . allow import from .txt and .json files (idk if this actually exists in the code)
